cynthia sue larson with
realityshifters.com and today I'm here
to talk to you about living in parallel
quantum world the idea for today's
discussion came to me when I was reading
a recent issue from well actually as
last year from Scientific American and
this one's all about as it says living
in a quantum world small-scale physics
as a spooky power over the world at
large
what really thrilled me about finding
this particular magazine with this
particular topic and you can find this
online is that basically it's saying
something that I haven't really seen in
mainstream scientific publications until
now and that is that a lot of the
quantum the characteristic behavior of
quantum particles that we normally
expect to see in the realm of the very
very small is now being observed in
things like plants animals and salt
crystals and these recent pieces of
scientific experimental evidence of what
we would normally call quantum
entanglement we still call it that for
want of a better term but it's happening
at larger and larger scales of entities
whether it's a plant and animal or a
salt crystal and the thing that's so
exciting to me about that is that we're
starting to get a glimpse of the concept
that a lot of the things we'd expect to
see such as quantum entanglement quantum
teleportation and quantum entangled and
the entanglement already but there's a
teleportation the tunneling in the end
the entanglement these sorts of things
that you see on the very very small
scale normally it wouldn't expect to see
it on the large scale however
probabilistically we should expect to
see it and we actually indeed are so
that's a little bit of the science
behind all of this there's something
else exciting about this entire topic
for me and that is of course that I love
to hear the expert experiential side of
it as well and this month I got a chance
to read a lovely book called
traveling to parallel universes this
book is written by Trish Lesage and it's
a picture of her on the back of the book
and this is an extraordinary book
because it's the first one that I really
seen talking from a first-hand account
about the sorts of things that I often
call reality shifts but from the
perspective of someone who actually
recognizes that she is travelling
between parallel realities parallel
universes I'm just going to read a short
excerpts from her fantastic book
and here she says it can become a bit
confusing however when the differences
in the details are more apparent from
one universe to another for example
restaurants that were closed in one
universe are open in another Trish also
notices lots of differences in the
animals the wild animals that she
experiences on a regular basis in her
life sometimes in one universe they're
there in another they're gone sometimes
personalities change both people and
animals so I highly recommend this book
for anyone interested in what I call
reality shift but also basically
evidence of traveling to parallel
universes and of course another book
that I always would recommend if you're
interested in this subject would be
reality shifts when consciousness
changes the physical world and I also
write about what it feels like to as I
call it live with feet in both worlds
and here toward the end of the book I'm
writing living with the waking dream
experience of reality shifting around me
feels a lot like walking with my feet in
two or more world since I've
acknowledged reality shifts if my life
has continued to be much the same in
most respects I still sleep at night and
go about my regular daily activities I
still need the simple basic necessities
I always did and I still occasionally
feel burning desires to see an
exhilarating movie go for long walks
read good books or eat delicious meals
and then I continue and say by welcoming
a waking dream state of consciousness I
allow for the unexpected to occur
even ordinary things like cooking dinner
have a different feeling for me
sometimes I've opened my refrigerator to
get something shut the door opened it
again a few minutes later and found a
jar had vanished and we appeared in that
short space of time and that really
gives you a sense of how I feel about
reality shifts and travelling between
parallel universes but I'd like you to
start thinking about it as well
and recognizing that this is the sort of
thing that could be happening all the
time we're getting a lot more of a hint
from current studies in science such as
the ones I mentioned earlier this year
about entangled diamonds and altruistic
rats and when you consider that we're
getting all of these indicators that are
showing us this is what it might look
like when you do travel between parallel
universes you might not notice that the
whole universe is different you might
just see one or two small things that
are different and you can sometimes go
back and forth between them so with all
of that in mind I'd like to ask my
favorite question for you to keep in
mind as well and that is how good can it
get when you travel between parallel
realities so until next time this is
cynthia sue larson with
realityshifters.com